welcome back Wolfpack Birla's here and
today we are looking at Infernape so
let's try to throw down 1300 likes for
Infernape wow my numbers are all over
the place when it comes to these likes
aren't they anyway Infernape is a strong
pokemon that almost always sees some
form of competitive play now with pokey
Bank having enough time to potentially
throw a lot of Infernape out there we
have a good chance to let him shine so
what makes him work so well is that he
has faked out which means your opponent
comes in you just disrupt them and then
he's also fast and hits hard so close
combat huge amount of damage you know
120 with stab flare blitz 120 with stab
close combat does reduce your defenses
flare bits blitz does have recoil so you
can switch those out for other things
you cannot fire punch instead of flare
blitz and close combat since you're
pretty much going to get one-hit ko -
anyway close combat is not bad to have
it all other moves you can have with
fairy types this generation poison jab
is actually very useful on him really
didn't see much play before because
poison types didn't have too much of a
thing going for them now poison jab can
have that extra strength on top of your
hits or you can just put some kind of
other coverage move taht works really
well on him just because taunt is a
crazy move if you can get on a fast
Pokemon which Infernape is and it can
work out really well on his flavor
flavor he needs a favor now as for the
items it's how you want to run him do
you want to be that second chance
Pokemon using focus ash you know use
fake out use close combat or something
most likely score ko even though your
attack isn't that high these are some
strong hitting moves so it can
compensate for it or if somehow your
opponent out speed you you have the
chance to return the favor and get a KO
in just because that focus Ash saves you
or are you just going to be that guy
that's like you know what I don't care
I'm gonna have life form and nothing's
going to be able to touch me so I don't
have to worry because I'm going to knock
out everything in my way first riskier
more day
can secure a lot more knockouts that's
if you that's how you want to run it
that's entirely how you can so with
Wukong oh wow I just called him will
come with Infernape Monkey King all over
the place
so with Infernape that speed I would
prefer to put a gelling nature on him
just because getting into that higher
speed bracket with the gelling nature
getting the out speeds is where it
counts on even if you're using a focus
sash still would recommend jolly adamant
is still really strong though if you
need a Pokemon that can take out the
more in the middle slower more bulky
pokemon better like Tyranitar just in
that kind of realm that don't generally
go down in one hit you can sacrifice
your speed to make him more exclusive to
those tankier pokemon and he can still
get the job done very well especially
with a life orb so that is your adamant
option if you want to take it other than
that to 50 to 250 to attack and speed
split and boom you have a great Pokemon
like I said always sees competitive play
mostly because he can just run away with
a lot of damage and your if your
opponent isn't ready to handle it good
night so that's about it that we have
for here just Infernape is really
straightforward but it really strong at
the same time so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and most importantly you all
have a nice day